# Changesets

Hello and welcome! This section has been automatically generated by `@changesets/cli`, a build tool that works
with multi-package repos, or single-package repos to help you version and publish your code. You can
find the full documentation for it [in our repository](https://github.com/changesets/changesets)

We have a quick list of common questions to get you started engaging with this project in
[our documentation](https://github.com/changesets/changesets/blob/main/docs/common-questions.md)

# Publish and more…

## Before creating a pull request

Generate a changeset to help the Release Manager decide major, minor, and patch version changes for each sub-repository your pull request will cause. Here is [the link](https://github.com/changesets/changesets/blob/main/docs/intro-to-using-changesets.md#adding-changesets) for more details.
```
npx changeset
```
Commit your changeset related files.

## Step by step publish
Once you decide to do a release, make sure you're in the base branch (`master`) and run:
```
npx changeset version
```
Run `npm install` to update `package-lock.json`.

Write a commit message and push the changes. Here is an example for the commit message:

⚠️ Do not forget to update the versions right after the `@` symbol.
```
git commit -m "Publish
>
> - base-extension@2.4.0
> - zeplin-extension-style-kit@4.3.0
> - css@2.11.0
> - less@2.11.0
> - sass@2.11.0
> - scss@2.11.0
> - stylus@2.11.0"

git push origin master
```

We do not use `npx changeset publish` command since we haven't automated the release process yet. Still, the `config.json` file is configured ready (`"privatePackages": { "version": true, "tag": true }`) to use this command when the `publish` command is implemented.

Until the automated flow, continue to follow the instructions below;

Create tags for each sub-repository that are changed:
```
git tag base-extension@2.4.0
git tag zeplin-extension-style-kit@4.3.0
git tag css@2.11.0
git tag less@2.11.0
git tag sass@2.11.0
git tag scss@2.11.0
git tag stylus@2.11.0
```

Push tags one by one:
```
git push origin base-extension@2.4.0
git push origin zeplin-extension-style-kit@4.3.0
git push origin css@2.11.0
git push origin less@2.11.0
git push origin sass@2.11.0
git push origin scss@2.11.0
git push origin stylus@2.11.0
```

